crypto: change withheld code for IdentityBased share strategy (#3985)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: crates/matrix-sdk-crypto/CHANGELOG.md

Changes:

> - Change the withheld code for the `IdentityBasedStrategy` from `WithheldCode::Unauthorised`
>   to `WithheldCode::Unverified`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the withheld code for keys not shared due to the `IdentityBasedStrategy`, from `m.unauthorised`
  to `m.unverified`.
```
